Version History:
BETA.0:
Initial Release including bugs
BETA.1:
Fixed a bug where the color palette wouldn’t default correctly
BETA.2:
Description changes to make weapons more clear.
Changed Mech Name Atomic Mech → Overload Mech
Materialize Box Redesign:
Nuclear Storage is now an innate part of the box, causing an icon change.
New Upgrade (Replacing Nuclear Storage): 1 Core: Combustion
“Gives a box the ability to combust, dealing itself one self damage, pushing adjacent units.”
Nuclear Beam Starting Power: 10 → 6
Changed wording from Power to Energy, please report any sightings of Power.
Changed the Color Palette to be a bit less of an aggressive yellow, might still be too yellow though.
BETA.3:
UI Changes!:
Nuclear Punch, Nuclear Beam, and Materialize Box now all show how much Energy they have and how much Energy they will use.
Fission Generator now shows how much Energy the mech you’re charging has and how much it will gain.
Made the box land a little smoother on the ground when being launched… kinda… not really.
Added an Icon for Combustion
Changed the Sound and Animation of Combustion, which the animation might be a bit excessive
Changed the Fission Generator Icon
Fixed a bug where the Nuclear Boxes wouldn’t get an outline correctly
Gave the Nuclear Boxes a shadow, because apparently they didn’t have one.
BETA.4:
More UI Changes:
Huge huge huge huge HUGE (can’t say huge enough times) shoutouts to @Lemon for helping me out with this, in more ways then one. Nuclear Punch, Nuclear Beam, and Materialize Box all have a bar system that will show up beside the mech instead of showing numbers, fixing the bug from before, and making it look much prettier and easier to read. Let me know what you think of it.
Fission Generator uses the same bar system, showing you how much power a weapon will gain and how much it had beforehand.

Aesthetics:
The first custom mech sprite is out. Another huge shoutout to @Machin for creating the base sprite for me. The Nuclear Mech is now Combat Mech, but with a hazmat suit! Let me know if you see any weirdness with the animations or whatever.

Balance Changes:
Fission Generator +1 Use Upgrade Core Cost: 2 → 1
Nuclear Beam can now shoot through buildings, damaging them of course, to make some objectives easier to complete. (Bonus points if you guess which one I struggled with)


BETA.5
Using the attack order hotkey now shows the power of any mechs from the Nuclear Nightmares squad. You can turn this off in the mods settings.
Gave Nuclear Punch a Custom Tip Image
Gave Nuclear Beam a Custom Tip Image
Gave Fission Generator a Custom Tip Image
Gave Materialize Box a Custom Tip Image
Added the weapons Nuclear Punch and Nuclear Beam to the shop. Probably. I don’t really know.

Code cleaning, optimizing and shifting, not that anyone cares.
Fixed a “bug” where Nuclear Beam was showing self damage

BETA.6:
Balance Update: Thanks to @Sworder for providing the base suggestion.
Replaced +1 use upgrade on the Fission Generator with Reactivate (1 core), which gives the mech its actions back after use.
Another Redesign of the Materialize Box Weapon. Combustion is now an innate part of the box, and the box will always have the ability to combust. I then replaced the Combustion Upgrade with Super Charged (1 core, may become 2). “"When combusting, the box also provides one power to any mech in its row or column." No more start of turn weirdness, as this also allows me to preview gaining power with a color change, since it’s not as easy to keep track of the same row or column.
Nuclear Punch Starting Power: 4 → 3
Tooltips should be updated to match, let me know if they aren’t.

The second custom mech sprite is out. Thanks to @Machin for creating and animating this sprite.
Overload mech is now a laser mech, but on wheels! Wooo! Joking aside, this sprite is pretty slick, go check it out.

Bug Fixes:
Reset turn doesn’t work or crashes on the second phases of island two: I didn’t technically fix this, the new modloader did, but just as a reminder, you need modloader 2.6 if you want to fix this.


Full Release:
1.0.0 is released! It’s out of the BETA, meaning I can finally relax and work on something else. *If someone could quickly test the download link in the forum for me and confirm that it’s working, that would be great.* http://subsetgames.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=38003 There are still a few small changes though, mostly just cleaning up for release, here’s the updates if you’re curious.
Balance Changes:
Fission Generator Energy Gain Upgrade +1 → +2
Fission Generator Reactive Upgrade Core Cost 1 → 2

The third and final custom mech sprite is out, again thanks to @Machin. It's, uh, a flying tesla. I don’t know, I’m out of funny ideas. It’s also pretty cool though, go check it out.
Some wording edits.
Added mod and squad icon.
Fixed a bug where using the attack order hotkey wouldn’t show Energy.
Removed Useless and Unused Code and Sprites.



1.1.0 Patch Notes:
Added Achievements!
1. One Punch Mech - Four times during a single mission, kill an unwounded Vek that has 4 or more health with Nuclear Punch.
2. Recharge! - Regain 8 energy with one action of the fission generator.
3. Planning Ahead - Combust 3 Nuclear Boxes in one turn.
New Weapon Icons and Box Sprites! Huge thanks to Machin, they are absolutely gorgeous
Made the Materialize Box Weapon actually materialize a box instead of deploying it. Also fixes a bug where the deploy wouldn’t land properly because it no longer lands.
Power Cost Rebalance: The power cost of weapons have been rebalanced to match the AE update
	Nuclear Punch 1 → 1: No change, since it probably should have cost 2 to begin with
	Nuclear Beam 2 → 1
	Materialize Box 1 → 0
	Fission Generator 0 → 0: No change since it was already zero
Added the ‘NAH’ tag to all pawns to remove them from save data easier when uninstalling (to prevent statistics bug)
Fixed a bug where the nuclear box would show up as the example image in the palette editor
Fixed a bug where other pawns on your team would crash the game when supercharged with a nuclear box
Fixed adding weapons to the shop, since the old version is deprecated. There is no longer an option to turn it on or off, but you can do that directly in the weapon deck.
Added a custom damage tip for Nuclear Punch
Updated to Weapon Previewer 3.1.3
Updated to 2.8.3 Modloader (and modapiext)

1.1.1 Hotfix:
Fix second phase crash and full energy mechs that aren't nuclear mechs
